Add override guidelines (#4415)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: GUIDELINES.md

    4. Declare the error in an extension if the error only happens in such extension or child contracts.

  * Custom error names should not be declared twice along the library to avoid duplicated identifier declarations when inheriting from multiple contracts.

> * It is important to follow a few rules around the use of Solidity overrides to avoid introducing unintended consequences due to the interaction with multiple inheritance:

Reviewer: I think it's important is inferred because it's on the guidelines, and I'd rather write the guideline as a straight-forward rule:

```suggestion
* Solidity function overrides should follow the rules listed below in order to avoid introducing unintended consequences due to the interaction with multiple inheritance:
```
